---
title: "A study on the factors influencing continuance intention to use subscription-based OTT platform services"
collection: publications
category: conferences
excerpt: ''
date: 2022-08-04
venue: '2022 IEEE/ACIS 7th International Conference on Big Data, Cloud Computing, and Data Science'
---

[Abstract] <br>
This study examined the continuance intention to use OTT services for OTT service users at a time when OTT services are spreading in the form of subscriptions. The effect of consumers' ease of use, usefulness, enjoyment, and personalization, which are the characteristics of subscription-type OTT services, on the continuance intention to use OTT services, were confirmed. The result of this study is as follows. First, personalization and enjoyment of OTT services were found to have a significant effect on the perceived value of OTT services. Second, personalization and enjoyment of OTT services were found to have a significant effect on the customer satisfaction of OTT services. Third, the perceived value of OTT services was found to be a variable that significantly affects OTT service customer satisfaction. Fourth, the perceived value of OTT services was found to be a variable that significantly affects continuance intention to use OTT services. Finally, customer satisfaction with OTT services was found to be a variable that significantly affects continuance intention to use OTT services. This study has both academic and practical meaning in examining continuance intention to use OTT services from various angles by dividing the characteristics of OTT services into multiple dimensions. <br>

[Download the article here](https://www.mdpi.com/2071-1050/16/16/6835](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9900848)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9900848)

