---
title: "How do collaborative systems affect organizational agility and performance in supply chains?"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
excerpt: ''
date: "October 07, 2024"
venue: "Operations Management Research"
---

[Abstract] <br>
In today’s rapidly evolving business environment, firms are striving to enhance their ability to respond swiftly to changing market conditions. To address this challenge, the strategic use of collaborative information systems has emerged as a key factor, particularly within supply chain management. Supply chain partners collaborate through these systems to improve decision-making quality, optimize supply chain networks, and response uncertainties. Given that most collaborative workflows occur in these systems, the effectiveness of a organization’s response is heavily influenced by the quality of systems. Consequently, this study examines the quality factors of collaborative systems and the structural relationships to organizational agility and corporate performance. In addition, our research is focused on the concept of organizational agility within the context of digital transformation and the post-COVID era, integrating perspectives from information systems, organizational behavior, and strategic management. The study finds that information quality is crucial for information collaboration, while service quality significantly impacts operational collaboration. Emphasizing the importance of comprehensive operational integration, the research aligns with recent literature on the role of integrated business processes in enhancing organizational agility and performance. The findings underscore the necessity for a balanced approach in collaborative system development, highlighting the importance of both information and service quality in optimizing collaboration and improving organizational outcomes in the digital age. <be>

Keywords: Supply chain management, Collaborative system, E-collaboration, Organizational agility

[Download the article here](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12063-024-00528-7)
